(THEME MUSIC PLAYING)
(ROARS)
(NARRATOR READING)
(KION READING)
(BELLOWING)
(GRUNTING)
Kion!
(GROANS)
How are we supposed to
chase off the hyenas?
We can't even see them
with all this dust.
I'm sure that's part of
Janja's plan, Fuli.
Kion! Fuli! Look out!
KION: Kabisa!
Whoa!
Good eyes, Ono!
Keep 'em peeled for Janja
and his clan!
Peeled eyes? Ew.
(GASPS)
Hapana!
Bunga, Beshte!
I see Cheezi and Chungu!
They're behind that bush!
Let's get 'em, Beshte.
(HYENAS LAUGHING)
Twende kiboko!
(SCREAMS)
Zuka Zama!
That takes care
of those two.
(LOWING)
(SCREAMS)
Ono! Look for Janja!
We chase him off,
the rest of the hyenas
will go, too!
Affirmative!
Gotcha now, lion cub.
(GASPS)
Kion! Behind you!
Look out!
(SNARLING)
(GASPS)
Janja!
(BITES)
I told you to stay out
of the Pride Lands!
Did you?
I must'a forgot! (GRUNTS)
Kion! Incoming!
See ya, hyena.
(BELLOWS)
(SCREAMS)
(GRUNTS)
I've had enough.
Come on, fellows. Let's go!
But, Janja!
What about the plan?
(CHUCKLES) Yeah.
The dust is still
making things hard to see.
Yeah, yeah. Dust don't matter
when the Lion Guard
has eyes in the sky.
Now move it!
That's right!
Get outta here!
(LAUGHS NERVOUSLY) I'm going.
I'm going!
Keep going, Janja!
All the way back
to the Outlands!
And stay out!
Nice job, everyone.
Follow them, Ono. Make sure
they leave the Pride Lands.
You got it, Kion.
You heard him! Keep going!
Ow! My eye!
(SCREAMING) I'm hit!
Oh, no.
Ono!
(GRUNTING)
(GROANS)
Bird down! Bird down!
He's over here!
Don't worry, Ono.
We'll get you to Rafiki.
He'll know what to do.
(BIRDS CHIRPING)
(RAFIKI HUMMING)
Mmm-hmm.
(CONTINUES HUMMING)
(CHUCKLES)
KION: Rafiki!
Huh?
We need you, Rafiki!
Ono's hurt!
Easy there, Ono.
Ow, my eye.
Mmmm, yes.
I see you cannot see.
Ha-ha! Dirt in the eye!
Not as bad as it looks.
Now, down here! Quick!
(GROANS)
Okay, it's okay.
Just a moment.
And a little space?
Mmm.
Yes, yes. Just enough.
Now, hold still, Ono.
And... Ah-ha! Yes!
There.
(GULPS) How's it look?
Hmm.
Well...
Oh, is it that bad?
No, no. Not at all.
I like it.
Green is your color.
Yeah, yeah, yeah! It totally
brings out your eyes!
Bunga.
Did I say your eyes?
I mean it brings out
your one eye.
The one you've got left.
I mean, I know
the other one's still there,
but you can't see it.
I mean, uh...
Oh, forget it.
Well, I think it's Poa.
And if I ever get dirt
in my eye, I want one
just like it.
Yeah. Me, too.
So, am I gonna be okay?
Yes, yes.
Your eye will be fine.
Just wear this eye patch
for three days.
And no craziness.
Three days?
No craziness?
Don't worry, Ono.
The Guard can get by
for a couple days
without you.
You need
to rest and get better.
But I can still
help the Guard.
Besides, I can see
just fine.
(GRUNTS)
Is that wall new?
No, but those paintings are.
RAFIKI: Yes, yes.
Every Lion Guard appears
on the walls of the lair.
So everyone remembers
who they are.
Today, I must
add all of you to the
story of the Lion Guard.
Poa!
So that's Kion.
And there's Fuli.
And that's me! That's me.
That's me. That's me.
That's me!
Amazing.
Amazing to you.
To me? Not so much.
But, they do say that art is
in the eye of the beholder.
You got what in your eye?
"Eye of the beholder."
It means everyone has
their own opinion
of what's good.
Yes. And this painting,
it does not quite have the
spirit of your Lion Guard.
What do you think, Ono?
Kion, Ono can't see.
Yes, I can!
And I'm still
the keenest of sight.
Come on, I'll prove it!
Ono!
Be careful!
Wait up!
Hmm. In my eye,
it is not yet right.
Ono! You should be
taking it easy!
Flying is easy!
I hurt my eye,
not my wings.
Just watch, you'll see.
I can still help the Guard.
I can see everything
from up here.
(GROANS)
Oi, watch where
you're going!
(SCREAMING)
Hmm.
Incoming!
Whoa-whoa-whoa! (SCREAMS)
Whoa! (GRUNTS)
Ono, are you okay?
(GROANS)
I'm good.
Maybe you shouldn't be
flying around with
just one eye?
(GROANS)
Interesting.
Ono, I really think
you should take a break.
But doesn't the Guard
need me?
I'm the keenest of sight.
You were the
keenest of sight.
Easy, Bunga.
Kion?
You just need to
get better, Ono.
You'll be back on duty
in no time.
But for now, let's get you
back to the lair.
Okay.
(LAUGHS)
Definitely interesting.
And so on the question
as to whether
impala or reedbuck
tastes better,
the parliament finds more
deliberation is necessary.
MWOGA: Mzingo.
(PANTING)
Sorry I'm late!
(SIGHS)
Mwoga. Mwoga.
Motion to allow
Mwoga to join
parliamentary procedures
already in progress.
ALL: Aye!
Nay!
The ayes have it.
Mwoga, you may rejoin
the parliament.
I trust you have a compelling
reason for being late.
Indeed. It seems that
Ono of the Lion Guard
is no longer able to see
out of one eye.
The keenest of sight
can no longer see?
Hmm. That is interesting.
I suggest we form
a subcommittee to
study the situation.
Capital idea.
Do I hear a second?
(GRUNTS)
Aye!
Very well.
The meeting to nominate
subcommittee members
to study the severity
of Ono's loss of eyesight
will go to
the planning committee
for a vote during
the next session.
I feel the need to...
Can we go now?
I'm hungry.
Shh! The vultures
always know
what's going on
in the Pride Lands.
And it sounds like
Ono can't see.
(LAUGHS)
Ono can't see!
Yeah! That's great!
(GASPS)
Uh, why is that great?
Because, fur brain, Ono is
the Guard's eyes in the sky.
Any time I got
a brilliant plan,
Ono spots it
and the Guard ruins it.
But, if he can't see
anymore...
(LAUGHS)
I got an idea. Come on!
And before you ask,
yes, it involves food.
How'd he know we were
thinking about food?
We're always
thinking about food!
Oh, yeah! (LAUGHS)
Hey, hey, hey, wait for us.
So, what's
the idea, Janja?
Tell us the plan.
Tell us the plan!
Easy, fellows. Easy.
♪ Give me a sec
to think things through
♪ We need a plan
for something new
♪ I think I know
just what to do
♪ So that Guard
won't have a clue
♪ Without their eyes
up in the sky
♪ We'll trick them
hiding way up high
♪ We'll make our move
We'll be so sly
♪ And then we can kiss
the Guard goodbye
(LAUGHS)
Bye-bye.
Oh, yeah.
♪ Once the Lion Guard's
out of the way
♪ The Pride Lands
will be our buffet
♪ We'll eat all night
We'll eat all day
♪ With the Lion Guard
out of the way
♪ Out of the way
♪ Then we can feast
on bird and beast
♪ When they're out of the way
♪ We'll make a trap
that they can't see
♪ One they can't escape
so easily
♪ A rockslide or two
in a narrow ravine
♪ Could just be the trick
if you know what I mean
(LAUGHS)
Oh, fur brains.
♪ Once the Lion Guard's
out of the way
♪ The Pride Lands
will be our buffet
♪ We'll eat all night
We'll eat all day
♪ With the Lion Guard
out of the way
♪ Out of the way
♪ Then we can feast
on bird and beast
♪ When they're
out of the way
♪ Oh, out of the way
♪ Out of the way
♪ Then we can feast
on bird and beast
♪ When they're
out of the way
♪ One more time
♪ Out of the way
♪ Then we can feast
on bird and beast
♪ When they're
out of the way
out of the way ♪
(SHRIEKING LAUGH)
Do you get it now?
(RAFIKI HUMMING)
Hold still, Kion.
How does it look?
Uh, it is still not right.
Try painting him in action.
Like this!
(GROWLS)
Now you try it.
Like this?
(MIMICKING GROWL)
No, no, no. You need to
look more like a lion.
(GROWLS)
(CHUCKLES)
How can Kion
look more like a lion?
Like this. (GRUNTS)
Ah.
See? Now put your chin out,
like you mean it.
(GROANS)
(KION GIGGLES)
Bunga, that tickles.
Hmm, Kion, you're not
looking very lion-y.
Let's see. Hmm.
Whoa! Bunga!
(GRUNTS)
Was that action
enough for you, Rafiki?
Hmm, yes.
Wait a minute. I know.
Paint me in action.
(GRUNTING)
But don't paint me like this.
(LAUGHS)
Sorry, Rafiki.
No, no, no.
Thank you for the help.
Now, please. No more help.
I need to think in peace.
Hey, you guys.
I have some news.
(SIGHS)
(FOOTSTEPS APPROACHING)
No peace here.
So what's the news, Beshte?
Oh, it's really important.
See, I was just down
at the watering hole.
And my friend Kulu?
Her cousin overheard
some buffalo
talking about something
his sister saw earlier today
when she was
over in the canyon
near Chakula Plains.
Poa! I'm glad I was there
to hear about it.
And what was it, Beshte?
What was what?
(GROANS)
What your friend
Kulu's cousin overheard
the buffalo's sister say
she saw from the canyon!
Oh, right.
(LAUGHS)
I almost forgot the
most important part.
She saw Janja and his hyenas
on the ledge
overlooking the plains.
Janja?
Back in the Pride Lands?
He wouldn't come back unless
he was planning something.
Mmm.
Oh! Did I mention there's
a herd of zebra
grazing there?
That's it! Janja's
planning to attack the zebras!
Come on, we have to
get to Chakula Plains!
Till the Pride Lands' end...
ALL: Lion Guard defend!
Most of the
Lion Guard, defend.
(HUMMING)
Ah! Why, why?
It is still not right!
It looks fine to me, Rafiki.
It's just like all the other
Lion Guard paintings.
That is the problem.
The new Lion Guard,
it is not like the others!
Yet, it should be simple.
Their leader
and those he leads.
Ha-ha! Kion!
He does not just lead you.
You are all friends!
(LAUGHS)
Yes. Yes!
You all belong together!
We do belong together.
All of us.
Eye or no eye, my place is
with the Guard.
Thanks, Rafiki!
I gotta get going if I'm
gonna catch up with them!
(GRUNTS) There.
Why're we doin'
this, Janja?
We can't eat rocks.
(CHOMPS)
What?
All part of my plan.
To eat zebras?
The zebras are just the bait.
To catch bigger zebras?
No, fur brains!
To trap the Lion Guard!
Uh, we're gonna eat
the Lion Guard?
No! We're going to...
KION: Hurry! This way!
Shh.
Here they come now.
KION: This is the fastest way
to the zebras! Come on!
Now!
(BOTH GRUNTING)
Whoa!
(ALL GRUNTING)
(ALL COUGHING)
Quick! We'll have to take
the long way round!
That's what you think.
(GRUNTS)
ALL: Whoa!
BUNGA: Not again!
Take cover.
(GRUNTS)
Kion! Bunga!
Bunga!
(GIGGLING)
Everyone okay?
Yep.
I'm good.
Let's do that again!
Right. Thanks, Beshte.
Poa.
(GRUNTS)
Heyvi kabisa!
What are the chances of
two rock slides making
two walls in one day
with us in the middle?
No chance.
This is Janja's doing.
JANJA: You got
that right, Kion!
You're trapped! I win!
(SHRIEKING LAUGH)
Looks like we're dining
on zebra today.
And you can't do
nothing to stop me!
Don't even try it, Janja!
(GRUNTS)
How you gonna
stop me, lion cub?
You're all the way
down there!
Aw, poor little Lion Guard.
Protectors of
the Pride Lands.
Stuck behind
a big ol' wall.
(BOTH LAUGH)
JANJA: You fell
right into my trap.
Or my trap fell
right onto you!
(ALL LAUGHING)
Come on, boys. All the zebra
you can eat. And more.
Now you're talkin'.
(BOTH LAUGH)
♪ Out of the way
♪ Now we can feast
on bird and beast
♪ Now they're out of the way
♪ Now they're out of the way ♪
(LAUGHS) Now we get it.
What are you
waiting for, Kion?
Use the Roar!
Blast that wall!
Uh, I can't, Bunga.
The zebras are
right on the other side.
The rocks could fly out
and hurt them.
Oh, right.
Then blast this wall.
We can go around
the long way to get
to the zebras,
and then... Oh.
Then it'll be too late.
I think I can
move this rock.
Maybe it'll make an opening
big enough for us to
squeeze through.
Worth a try.
Go for it, Beshte.
(GRUNTS)
(RUMBLING)
Twende Kiboko!
Whoa.
Beshte! Watch out!
Uh-oh.
Beshte, you okay?
I'm okay.
Sorry that didn't work.
Don't worry, Beshte.
We just have to come up
with something
that will work.
Guys, guys!
Ono!
BUNGA: Hey, ya, Ono!
I don't know if I can help,
but I'm here.
You flew all the way here?
You must be feeling better.
Well, I still can't see
very well.
It doesn't matter.
You flew here.
And that gives me an idea.
Ono, I'm gonna use the Roar
to blast those rocks.
Fly over to the zebras
and get them to move
away from the canyon.
Easy enough.
You got it, Kion.
If you would,
please follow me
away from the canyon.
Now, hurry. This way!
Don't push!
Oh, come on.
Perhaps I've failed
to emphasize
the importance
of following me.
We're eating here.
Can't you see that?
I can see.
But what you can't see is
that the hyenas are coming!
Hyenas? You guys chased them
out of the
Pride Lands yesterday!
That's what we thought!
Except when we were
chasing them,
I got sand in my eye.
It made it hard to fly.
I still tried,
but I accidentally
dive-bombed my friends,
and they...
They all had to run.
Be right back.
(YELLING)
Move it!
(ALL YELPING)
Panic and run!
♪ Out of the way
Out of the way ♪
(ALL LAUGHING)
(GASPS) Hey.
Where's lunch going?
Nowhere. (GROWLS)
Come on, boys. After them!
(LAUGHS)
I knew I could
get you to move.
Wow.
(CHUCKLING) Oh.
See anything, Little B?
Yeah.
Really? Did Ono get
the zebra to move?
Oh, I don't know.
All I see are rocks.
(GROANS)
Don't worry. I'm sure
Ono can do it.
Kion! Kion!
(PANTING) The zebra
are on the move!
You're all clear to roar!
Thanks, Ono.
Everyone, get behind me.
(ROARING)
Uh-oh.
(ALL GRUNT)
KION: How's the plan
working now, Janja?
I got plenty of plans, Kion.
New plan, fellas.
Run!
(BOTH YELPING)
(LAUGHS)
You haven't seen
the last of me!
Good job, Ono.
We couldn't have
done it without you.
Just glad to be
back on the team.
You were always
on the team, Ono.
Yes, yes, yes.
Now it is right.
The leader of the Lion Guard
and his friends.
It's perfect, Rafiki.
What do you think, Ono?
I think it's the best
painting I've even seen.
That means
a great deal to me
coming from
the keenest of sight.
(ALL EXCLAIM)
Nice.
RAFIKI: This Lion Guard
is best together.